>> Steve Kinney: So,
we've got now this bindActionCreators.
BindActionCreators is an interesting one.
It just basically helps you do
stuff a little bit more easily.
And so you've probably heard the word
bind before in a function.prototype.bind.
When we're binding, especially like in
a react application, where you're like I
don't want to lose context of this so
you can return a new function.
BindActionCreators, you'll notice that,
we'll actually make
an action creator first.
So we'll say for instance,
>> Steve Kinney: An addAction.
Like we saw, we were just passing just
pure JavaScript objects in there and
everything word.
I told you earlier that
>> Steve Kinney: I
told you earlier that effectively like
action traders are totally optional.
I do recommend them using,
recommend you using them which is,
let's say we wanted to add something
multiple times that someone was hitting
the calculator buttons in our application.
We would have to type this out every time.
And I mean,
you've been watching me live code.
I've clearly made typos.
Doing this is tedious,
especially as this payload part grows.
So we'll actually,
really this is even more complicated.
Complicated is a strong word.
It's a lot of typing.
Do I want to do this every
time I wanna add a number?
No.
What I might do is,
>> Steve Kinney: createAddAction,
I'm using those words to signify
that as an action creator.
There's no actual rules.
I probably won't use this in
like a larger application.
But right now as we're getting
these concepts down, I can do that.
And I can basically give it an amount,
>> Steve Kinney: And
I can say, effectively take this.
>> Steve Kinney: Put that amount there or
do the EX6 shorthand.
Now, again, pure JavaScript function.
Nothing special, all that it does
is it returns that object for us.
There I've got some
indentation extra price there.
>> Steve Kinney: There we go, all right.
So now I can just say, createAddAction(4),
and I'm going to get the same object out.
It's just basically
a shorthand to do this.
Now, what you might find
is now having to say like.
>> Steve Kinney: You
build your application.
Writing to store.dispatch is hard.
You're like hey I'm not making
these actions for funzies, right?
Other than my unit tests if
I'm calling this function,
I wanted to change the store.
So what bindActionCreators does for
you basically, it's again,
not actually redux related.
It's an ability to kind of go in and
effectively create a new
version of the function.
So we'll say like, we'll call it like,
>> Steve Kinney: DispatchAdd and
all we have to do at this point
is we'll say, bindActionCreator.
>> Steve Kinney: Now, that's gonna return
a new version of this value comes in,
object comes out that does this.
So effectively
>> Steve Kinney: These
two are exactly the same.
It is just a helper function that allows
me to create a new version that now
whenever I call dispatch.Add or
handled dispatch, they will both create
the action, that object, and
dispatch it to the store.
So now I just called this function, action
gets dispatched, the action goes in there
with the current state of the world,
a new state of the world comes out.
And we get everything in there.
>> Student: Can you show me where
the first thing you're passing to
bindActionCreators add,
where that's coming from?
>> Steve Kinney: This should
be this createAddAction.
>> Student: Okay?
>> Steve Kinney: So it's this function,
take this function, call it and
dispatch the result out.
Will come through and it's basically
just hooking all this stuff up and
plumbing it together.
So really like,
composes helper function by the action
creator is a helper function.
And it's just yeah, combined reducers
it's just a helper function.
You could write each of these
in JavaScript real fast.
They are yeah and
obviously you can see that like.
The one that we got out of Redux
has got a lot of error checking and
stuff along those lines, totally useful.
Don't write your own, use the ones
that come with the library, but
they are effectively just
regular old JavaScript helpers.
And the store is simply an event emitter.
It's the ability to get the current state
out of there to dispatch an action,
to subscribe to events.
All kind of very standard stuff that
we can do, which is super cool.
So we've got one more and,
>> Steve Kinney: In React Redux,
there's also a pluralized version of
bindActionCreator called
bindActionCreators.
Which takes a bunch of these actions,
like an object of them, and
binds them all with the same dispatch.
Yeah and honestly, if you really
wanted to, like I'm not using that.
You could write your own.
You do something like bindActionCreators.
Give me a set of actions, like an object
of actions and what the dispatch is.
In this case it's our store.dispatch.
And you can basically go over
all the keys of that object.
This will get back yeah,
it was add, subtract,
multiply, and
they each had a function as a value.
This would work for all of them.
Go through each of them and
return me back a new object.
>> Steve Kinney: Reduce,
we'll start with reduce.
Basically reduce allows you
to start with an object and
add to it as you iterate over an array.
So, we'll start with a empty object.
We'll take that object every
time as we go through each one.
So let's say it's add,
multiply, subtract and divide.
We'll start with the add,
multiply, and so on and so forth.
We'll add to it so
we'll say call the key and an object.
[SOUND] And boundActions
[key] bind it
to dispatch.
Effectively we've now created that
react Redux one when we see it as well.
Again, a lot of this is just it seems like
when we see it like with map dispatched
props and map state to prop like very
complicated when we see and react.
It is effectively, with a lot of
error checking and some guard routes,
a Javascript function that mutates an
object, and fires events as we go along.